Hey everybody, welcome to church.
It is great to see you today, whether you're in this room or online or joining us from another place.
You showed up, and I don't know about you, but that's a big deal.
It matters that you leaned in, that you're present, that you're here, that you're joining us.
And you're actually, when we do that, we are actually responding to one of Jesus' invitations.
He said, come to me, bring the stuff that you're carrying, and I'll give you rest.
And I just gotta say, I'm excited for what today holds, that today can be a day that we encounter Jesus, meet with Him,
as we sing.
So I'm gonna invite you to stand your feet.
Let's do some singing together today as we lift up the name of Jesus in this place and remind ourselves of who God is and what he's up to in our world.
Let's do it.
All right, here we go.
out.
of our praise, you worthy of our worship, you are worthy today, you are worthy tomorrow, you are worthy yesterday, you are worthy forever, Lord.
And I thank you for who you are, that you are a God of peace, a God of hope and freedom and joy.
God, I thank you for this time where we can come together and be reminded of who you are, the way that you love us.
A love that is unconditional, that chases us down no matter how far we may try to run.
God, You are always there waiting for us with arms wide open.
That's why I thank You for that.
I thank You for, God, this place where we can come just as we are.
Knowing that You will meet us in this moment.
God, I pray that you would be drawing near to each and every one of us, no matter where we find ourselves today.
That you would open our hearts, you'd open our minds.
God, that you would speak to us here.
Jesus, we love you.
We give you all the honor, all the glory.
It belongs to you.
We love you.
We pray all this in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Amen, everybody.
Great to sing together.
You can go ahead, Dixie.
We are Tessha and Andrew Jackson.
We co-lead a group with David Emily Bernardi, and the focus of the group is fostering strong and healthy marriages with God in the center.
What happened over time is friendships turn to lifelong family.
These are people that I can't imagine doing life without.
We have in-person events that we all look forward to.
The funkies have a pool party that they put on every year that everybody looks forward to.
We get together at a park, have friends giving.
And so I think having a group and leading a group with some of our best friends has just been such a joy.
You don't have to do it all.
Like, all you have to do is start the conversation.
The rest will take care of itself.
We've...
experienced so many people looking for community.
You're not alone.
So put yourself out there and give yourself a chance because the need is there.
These are our people.
These are the people that we go to for prayer, go to to celebrate.
go to cry with, they're our family.
I would not have the relationship and the reliance and the dependability and the trust and the love for Jesus if it wasn't for this group.
Our lives have completely transformed since being members of this group.
Creating the relationships and the friendships that we have, it's transformed our lives.
And married, single, wherever you find yourself in life, we really believe as a church that when you get around other people in community, there's potential for everything to change.
Several weeks ago, I was in the back after one of our Saturday services in the middle of that really cold spell that we had here in Minnesota, hanging with some of our production staff members.
When I just said, hey, I'm gonna go start my car.
I'll start anybody's car for you.
Give me your keys.
And our production director, Nate, was like, no, no, no, no, you don't have to do this.
I was like, no, no, seriously, give it to me.
So I kept pushing and he finally relented.
And he threw his keys down on the table when one of our other production staff members, Tommy, looks down at his keys and says, you know you have remote start, right?
Nate, it was a new car to him and his family, but they've had it for several months, so he denied.
He's like, no, no, no, it doesn't have remote start.
And sure enough, we looked down and there's the remote start symbol.
And so we all decide in that moment, while he's skeptical and denying it, we're all going outside to test this thing.
So we walk out, we're looking up on YouTube, the correct combination for the buttons to be able to push for his make and model.
We get out there and on the first try, remote start works.
Nate's got remote start and we are celebrating, we're cheering for him and that celebration quickly turns to laughter because we realize that's the last time that Nate's gonna get to drive that car because now it belongs to his wife.
And everybody needs a Tommy in their life.
Tommy, who will not just point out when you have remote start and you don't know it, but will call out the things in your life that you can't see.
Somebody who will come alongside you, encourage you in your faith, challenge you, hold you accountable to the life that you say you want to live, to celebrate when you take steps of faith, and then just laugh with you at times.
And as a church, we believe that best happens within the context of groups.
And this weekend, we're launching our brand new session of groups.
The groups directory is live right now with all the available groups online to check out.
So you can head to our website, eaglebrookchurch.com, slash groups to find the directory.
There are online groups, there are groups
of people that are walking through a book of the Bible, a faith-based book.
There are people who are gathering around a common interest like pickleball.
So there are so many groups for you to check out and be a part of.
And I just want to encourage, if you've never taken that step, give it a shot.
Take that step and join a group and continue growing your faith and grow closer to other people and find that community in your life.
But hey, today we're starting a brand new message series called Encounters with Jesus.
We're going to be walking through the book of Mark.
We're here from our senior pastor, Jason Strand today.
And just a reminder, here at Lido Lakes, we're the broadcast location.
And so we want to do everything that we can to create a distraction-free room.
And so if you've got kids that start to make noise during the message, we just ask that you'd excuse yourself right away, because everything that is seen and heard in this room is seen and heard everywhere across all locations and online.
And so it just helps us with that.
But there are plenty of spaces out in the lobby and upstairs where you can catch the rest of the message.
But get them checked into Kids Ministry.
They're going to have a way better time in that space than they would in here.
And if you're joining us online,
and you've got noisy kids, introduce them to the Eagle Brook Kids YouTube channel.
That is all the content, and they're gonna love it, I promise.
And hopefully, they'll calm down and be a little less noisy so you can dial in to today's message.
But hey, right now, as Jason makes his way out, check out this video.
One my name is Jason for those of us who haven't met.
When I was in high school, my favorite basketball player was Kevin Garnett who played for the Minnesota Timberwolves.
And so I was at the Mall of America one time with some friends of mine from high school.
We're standing in line waiting to get some movie tickets.
And I looked over to my right and my eyes were lined up with some guy's hips.
And so I followed the hips up and I was standing right next to seven foot tall Kevin Garnett.
And so I went into quasi-stalker mode.
He went into the bathroom.
I'm like, I'll never get this chance again.
So I went into the bathroom as well.
And if you've ever gone to the bathroom next to a famous person before, there's a trick to it.
There's an art to it, because you wanna look at them, but you don't want them to notice you looking at them.
When Garnet got done going to the bathroom, he walked over, he was washing his hands, and this kid walked in, he took one look at Garnet and he goes, whoa, you're tall.
I'll bet you do really well at basketball.
And Garnet, to his credit, you know, could tell this kid didn't know who he was, so he kind of played along a little bit.
He said, yeah, I do okay.
And then the kid goes, wait, won't you play for Armstrong?
Armstrong is a high school in Plymouth.
Garnet was like, no, I don't play for Armstrong.
And he walked out the door and I walked up to this kid and I was like, do you play for Armstrong?
What are you thinking?
You just asked Kevin Garnet if he plays for a high school.
And I was acting like since I had gone to the bathroom next to him that we're like really tight with one another.
Now do I know Kevin Garnett?
No, I don't know Kevin Garnett.
I actually know a lot of things about Kevin Garnett.
I know he grew up in high school in Chicago.
He went to Farragut Academy High School.
I know that in 1995 he was the fifth pick in the draft.
In 2004 he was the MVP of the NB.
A, I know a lot of things about Kevin Garnett.
But I don't know Kevin Garnett.
In the same way, there's lots of people in our country, they know about Jesus.
In fact, I would say most Americans know things about Jesus like he was born in Bethlehem, in a manger because there was no room in the inn.
They know that he died on a cross and three days later rose again.
Most people know lots of things about Jesus.
But do they know Jesus?
Here's what Jesus himself says in Matthew 7.
Verse 21, he says, Not everyone who says to me, Lord, Lord, will enter the kingdom of heaven.
Notice here, he's talking to people who think they are going to heaven.
They think they are Christians.
These aren't atheists who are like, Oh, I don't have anything to do with you, God.
These are people going, Lord, Lord, like, I've always been a Christian.
I've always believed that there's a God who exists.
Like, of course, right?
He says, but only he who does the will of my father who is in heaven.
Then he says, many will say to me on that day, Lord, Lord, did we not prophesy in your name and in your name drive out demons and perform many miracles?
In other words, look at all the religious things we've done, God.
We got baptized as an infant, we got confirmed.
I mean, here's all the things that we've done, like Lord, Lord.
And here's what Jesus says to them.
Then I will tell them plainly, I never knew you.
away from me, you evildoers.
I wanna ask you, do you know God or do you know things about God?
Do you know Jesus or do you know things about Jesus?
According to Jesus himself, that is the most important question we will ever answer because eternal destinies are at stake.
Today we are beginning a new series called Encounters with Jesus.
And our hope and our prayer for this series is that you wouldn't just learn about Jesus, but that you would know Him.
That you wouldn't just hear about Him, but that you would encounter Him and experience Him in your life.
The apostle Paul said it this way in Philippians three.
He said, I want to know Christ.
I've kind of adopted this verse as a verse for the second half of my life.
I want to know Christ.
More and more.
And I want to experience the mighty power that raised him from the dead.
Plus I don't want to just know about him.
I want to know him and I want to experience his power.
I don't want to just see other people experiencing his power.
I want to experience his power in my own life.
Psalm 34, verse eight.
The writer of the Psalm says this.
He says, taste and see that the Lord is good.
It's an invitation for you.
It's an invitation to me to come and to taste, to see that God is good.
Some people have what's called a secondhand faith.
They're like, Lord, Lord, my parents are Christians.
Lord, Lord, my grandparents were Christians.
I'd grown up in America, of course, God.
A secondhand faith is as dangerous as secondhand smoke.
Because a person thinks to themselves, well, yeah, I'm going to heaven, I'm a Christian, I've always believed in God, look at my parents, look at my siblings, look at my grandparents.
But the invitation here is not for your parents' faith, your siblings' faith, your friends' faith, he says, taste and see for yourself.
Taste and see that the Lord is good.
I was reading an article on Google about the best cinnamon rolls.
And I'm partial to my moms, I believe that they are the best, but in this article,
It said that the best cinnamon roll, number one rated in all of the country, is right here in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
It was Isle's Bun and Coffee, and I thought, I gotta go try this out.
And so I took my youngest daughter and son, we went down to Isle's Bun and Coffee, and there's the cinnamon roll right here, and I'm just gonna tell you.
I'm not getting paid to do this.
It is so good.
I mean, it is fresh made, soft, warm.
They give you some extra frosting on the side if you wanna put that on there.
But when I went to Isles Bunn and Coffee, did I gain new information?
I actually, I didn't, I read the article.
I knew what the article said.
It said they were warm, they were soft, they had extra frosting, people loved them.
I knew all that information.
What I gained was an experience of what I knew was true.
What I gained was an experience, an encounter I was able to taste and see for myself and not just read about it for other people.
There are some of us here, you've heard that Jesus Christ loves you, but you haven't experienced or encountered his love in your own life in quite some time, and maybe ever.
You've heard people talk about the goodness of God
You've heard people say like, oh, God is so good.
But in your own life, you haven't tasted it.
You haven't seen it for yourself.
You've heard about the power of God.
You've heard other people talk about how God did a miracle in their life, but you've never experienced His power for yourself.
It's different to know about Jesus and to actually know Jesus.
in this series, we're gonna teach through the gospel of Mark.
And so I'd encourage you to bring your Bible if you want to to this series.
You can underline verses as we go through them or bring a notebook to kind of take some notes in.
We also have a Bible reading plan for you that you can find on the YouVersion Bible app.
It goes through Mark and it will lead you up to Easter.
And if you're a person who's like, I don't really read the Bible before, what a time to prepare your hearts for Easter by reading through one of the accounts of Jesus' life in the gospel of Mark.
I think everybody owes it to themself at some point to discover who is this man, Jesus Christ.
And so for all of us to be reading Mark as we lead up to Easter, today we're gonna pick things up in Mark chapter one, verse one, and here's what it says.
It says the beginning of the good news about Jesus, the Messiah, the Son of God.
So right away, Mark is telling us, here's what the book is going to be about.
It's about the good news of Jesus, the Messiah.
Messiah means savior.
the son of God.
It's about the Messiah, the Savior, and the good news.
In fact, the first time that Jesus speaks in the gospel of Mark, here's what he says.
He says, Jesus went into Galilee proclaiming the good news of God.
And then Jesus says this, the time has come, he said.
The kingdom of God has come near, repent, and believe the good news.
What is this good news?
Mark keeps talking about good news.
What is that?
It's the news that God sent his one and only son.
That he left heaven.
He came to earth.
He was brutally beaten and whipped with nails pounded through his wrists and through his ankles.
He was stretched on a cross to die one of the most brutal deaths.
And he did that.
The Bible says to pay the penalty for our sins that we could not pay for ourselves.
He went to the grave and three days later, he rose again, defeating sin and death once and for all.
And that whoever, whoever would put their faith and their trust in him, they would not perish but have eternal life.
That is the good news.
In verse 16, here's what it says.
As Jesus walked beside the Sea of Galilee, he saw Simon.
Simon later changes his name to Peter.
So Simon is Peter.
And his brother Andrew, casting a net into the lake for they were fishermen.
This is what they did.
This is their family business.
Come follow me, Jesus said.
And I will send you out to fish for people at once.
They left their nets and they followed him.
When he, Jesus had gone a little further, he saw James, son of Zebedee and his brother John in a boat preparing their nets.
Without delay, Jesus called them and they, James and John, left their father Zebedee in the boat with the hired men and they followed him.
I remember reading this for the first time and I'm picturing James and John, these two brothers, they turn to their father Zebedee and they go, hey, see that guy over there in a long hair, robe, sandals?
We're gonna follow him for the rest of our life.
Hug mom goodbye for us, bye dad.
And I'm like, are you serious?
If my kids came home and they're like, dad, we saw this guy after school.
You know, he was standing there long hair, robe, sandals, handing out candy to kids.
We're gonna follow him for the rest of our life.
I'm like, I'm calling the cops.
I mean, this doesn't even seem spiritual to me.
This seems a little bit irresponsible.
Here's what you need to know about Mark.
It is the shortest of all four gospels.
It was written by a man named John Mark.
He interviewed Peter, who is a disciple and follower of Jesus.
So it's an eyewitness account.
But John's, or Mark's style of writing is fast paced.
It's fast moving.
So he tells us what happened.
He just doesn't tell us everything that happened.
Luke, on the other hand, was a doctor and he was meticulous in details.
And so Luke takes the same story about Jesus and he interviews other people and he starts filling in some of the gaps that Mark chose to leave out.
Here's what Luke says happened.
Luke says that Jesus was speaking.
So he was speaking to a large group of people and he turned to Peter and Andrew who are cleaning out their nets and he says to them, hey, can I use your boat?
Huge crowd of people, just put me in your boat, push me out a little bit so I can speak from the boat and then more people can kind of come in along the shore.
And so Peter says, sure, here you go.
So Peter's listening to him teach, cleaning out his nets, and here's what it says.
When Jesus had finished speaking, he said to Peter, now go out where it's deeper and let down your nets and you will catch many fish.
This is the first time Peter and Andrew have encountered Jesus.
They've heard about him, they've heard people say he's done miracles, but this is the first time they've met him, heard him teach.
Jesus gets done teaching out of Peter's boat, and he looks at Peter, who is a professional fisherman, and says, hey, go out there and you're gonna catch a lot of fish.
I know we hear this, and we're like, oh yeah, it's Jesus, right?
Of course, it's gonna happen, Jesus said it.
But this is the first time Peter has ever met him, and Jesus to him is just a rabbi.
There's lots of rabbis who go around teaching things.
Peter is a fisherman.
And here's Jesus giving him fishing advice.
I went fishing one time with a semi pro bass fisherman.
And I thought to myself, how hard can fishing be?
I didn't grow up doing it.
I was playing tennis and baseball and stuff during the summers.
I thought, you know what?
You're just sticking a string in the water.
Like you're just putting a string in the water and then you're waiting for the fish to bite it.
Like it doesn't seem that difficult.
Turns out it's a little harder than I thought.
I almost took the guy's ear off with a cast.
I went into more cat tales than I caught fish, but at no point did I ever think to myself, let me just give you here a little bit of fishing advice.
I know you're a semi-pro bass fisherman, but let me just, I'm a pastor, I've got a few ideas here for you.
Here's how you should catch the fish.
I never did that.
That is what Jesus is doing to Peter.
Jesus is a rabbi, he's a spiritual teacher.
Peter is a professional fisherman.
So here's how Peter responds to Jesus' master, Simon replied.
We worked hard all last night and we didn't catch a thing.
Now there's two things I want you to see from this verse.
First, he addresses him as master.
He doesn't say you're my Lord, he doesn't say you're savior, he doesn't call him the son of God, he calls him master.
It was a term of respect for a rabbi.
He's being respectful, he's saying master,
But again, there's lots of rabbis.
I've heard other people teach.
Peter's like, you were interesting.
You had some authority, but master.
And then he says, hey, we were fishing all last night.
We didn't catch a thing.
Now this is important because they're fishing in a sea and not a lake, which means it's deep water.
Which means that at night, the fish come out to bite when it's cooler.
And during the day, when it's hot and it's warm, the fish go into deeper places and they're not biting.
So here's Peter, a professional fisherman, looking at Jesus and going, if we didn't catch any fish at night, when the fish are supposed to be biting, why do you think we're gonna catch any fish during the day when they're not biting?
But this is about a lot more than fish.
This was about Peter, will you trust Jesus?
Jesus is asking him to do something he's done a thousand times, but he's asking him to do it in a way that he's never done it before.
Here's what Peter says.
He says, if you say so, we'll try again.
Not because I think we're gonna catch a lot of fish, not because this is gonna work, but if you say so, Jesus, sure, we'll go ahead and do it.
Next verse says they caught such a large number of fish, their nets began to break.
They had to go get a different boat so they could pile more fish in.
And here's what happens to Peter.
When Peter realized what had happened, he fell to his knees before Jesus and said, oh, Lord, not master anymore.
I've always believed there was a God who existed or you're a really good moral teacher, master rabbi, not master.
Now you are Lord.
I'm tasting, I'm seeing for myself.
I've heard other people talk about the miracles that you've done, but now I'm seeing it, now I'm experiencing it for myself.
And when you encounter the living God, when you truly encounter God, here's what he said, oh Lord, please leave me.
I'm too much of a sinner to be around you.
And as soon as they landed, they left everything, and they followed Jesus.
Now Peter takes that whole account, or excuse me, Mark takes that whole account that I just shared with you and he boils it down to this.
As Jesus walked by the Sea of Galilee, he saw Simon and his brother Andrew casting a net into the lake for they were fishermen.
Come follow me, Jesus said, and I will send you out to fish for people.
So Mark's just like, let's just keep this moving here.
I wanna make one statement and then I wanna ask you two questions.
Here's the statement.
You have no idea.
what hangs in the balance of a single decision.
What if Jesus had dropped the curtain for Peter and said, Peter, I just wanna show you something here.
As you're trying to figure out if you wanna take me fishing or not, let me just try to persuade you.
Let me show you something.
Peter, have you ever seen anything like this in your life?
Peter, do you know what that is?
That's called Saint Peter's Basilica.
And guess what?
You're Saint Peter.
I mean, they're gonna bury you in this tomb.
They're gonna build this monstrosity around you.
I mean, look at how beautiful this thing is, Peter.
I mean, Peter, check this out.
Look at these pews.
What's a pew?
I don't worry about it, Peter.
Let me just tell you.
It's gonna take 1,400 years to build this.
And people are gonna come from all over the world for thousands of years to honor you, Peter.
Will you take me fishing?
Peter's like, you can have the whole boat?
Peter had no idea what hung in the balance of a single decision.
When I first became a follower of Christ, I was a freshman in college.
None of my closest friends were Christians.
And so I remember praying, God, would you bring some people into my life who will encourage me in my faith?
And I was walking into my dorm room sophomore year.
I looked up, there was a sign that said, not your ordinary BS.
It was for Bible study.
And this was one of those, are you looking for a sign from God?
Cause here it is.
I've been praying for some people in my life to encourage me in my faith.
And here's a sign for a Bible study.
And guess what?
I tried to talk myself out of going.
I was like, I don't know anybody.
It's going to be a little awkward.
What if they make me do something weird?
You know, I don't want to hold hands and pray with people.
You know, I just, I don't want to do that.
I'm not going to go.
And finally I said, you know, if it gets weird, I'll leave.
So I went.
And when I got there, they were singing a song called, Lord, I lift your name on high.
And the song says, you came from heaven to earth, but then they were doing hand motions with the song.
So you came from heaven to earth to show the way, from the cross to the grave, my debt to pay.
If you know these, feel free to join in.
From the cross to the grave, from the grave to the sky, and then here is the big finish.
Lord, I lift your name on high.
We're all like, raising the rule for Jesus.
And I was like, I'm out.
I'm in college.
I am not singing songs with hand motions.
I am out.
So I started to go to the back and I'm trying to kind of slip out so that nobody sees me.
And right as I did, I looked over and I saw a guy who was on the tennis team with me and I thought, he's pretty cool guy.
I'll just go stand by him for a little bit.
I had no idea what hung in the balance of that single decision to stick around at a Bible study.
I kept coming to that Bible study every week for several months and I got to know Jesus.
I had heard people talk about Jesus.
I'd heard people talk about his love and his goodness and his power.
I had never tasted it for myself.
And about three or four months after going to this Bible study, I was there and we were singing the song again.
Lord, I lift your name on high.
And I started thinking about the lyrics to that song.
You left heaven to come to earth.
Jesus left all of that to come here so that he could live among us out of love for us.
And then he went to the cross and he died a brutal death that he did not deserve.
He was sinless, but he did that to pay for our penalty.
And then he went to the grave, but three days later he defeated death and sin so that whoever trusts in him could be united to him and have eternal life as well.
And I'm thinking about the lyrics to this song and I have tears coming down my face.
And I'm like, raising the roof, you know, and tears are just coming down.
Let me say this to you again.
You have no idea what hangs in the balance of a single decision.
Going to a Bible study, staying at a Bible study, it didn't seem like that big of a deal.
But without that one decision, I'm not sure where I would be in my faith today.
I don't know if I would be a pastor.
I don't know if I would be married to my wife, Sarah.
I don't know if we'd have the kids that we do.
Sometimes a simple step has a profound ripple effect.
You might be here today and you're struggling with anxiety.
You just are.
You just have things that you just keep worrying about and you try not to and you worry about them again.
And you feel empty inside and overwhelmed frequently.
And you've tried everything, haven't you?
I mean, you've tried to do really well in school and make your parents proud.
And you've tried to do really well in sports and you get a scholarship or everybody, you know, you really looks up to you.
And then you got a boyfriend or a girlfriend and all that's really exciting.
And then you get married and you have kids and you get a job and you start making money and you go on vacations and, you know, you build up and everybody, oh, that you're successful.
Still you feel like something's missing.
Still there's this emptiness.
What if Jesus today is inviting you to take a simple step that will have a profound ripple effect in your life?
Here's the first question I wanna ask you, what do you need to leave behind?
When Jesus came to Peter and Andrew says this, at once they left their nets and they followed him.
When he went to James and John, it said, without delay, he called them and they left.
There was no bargaining with God here.
They didn't say, you know, when we graduate college, you know, we'll kind of slow down a little bit, then we'll get serious about God.
You know, when we're done with high school or, you know, when life slows down, my work isn't so busy or when we have kids, you know, then maybe we'll get serious about Jesus.
No, he doesn't say that.
At once without delay, they dropped their nets, they dropped everything to follow Jesus.
They didn't say, well, if you do this for me, God will then we'll follow you.
No, no, no, it was at once.
Maybe today, right in this moment, God is saying to you, now, not next week, not next year, now.
And Peter had to leave his drying nets.
Why is that significant?
Because Peter was a fisherman.
This was part of his identity.
It was a part of his old life that he had to leave behind to follow Jesus.
What is it in your old life, a part of your old identity that you need to leave behind today?
You need to leave it behind to follow Jesus.
Maybe it's partying, drinking.
Maybe it's shame and guilt that you've carried with you for years.
Maybe it's just indifference and ignoring God.
But what is it from your old life that you say, I need to leave that behind?
Maybe today you've said to God, you know, God, I'm gonna follow you, I'm serious about you.
You can have all of me, God, but you can't have that.
You can have me, God, I'll follow you, but I'm not gonna follow you with my money.
Not gonna follow you with my dating relationships.
Not gonna follow you with this.
What is that for you?
Sometimes to follow you have to leave something behind.
Here's the second question I wanna ask you, and it's this, will you follow?
And this is the question that Jesus said to Peter and to Andrew.
He simply said, come and follow me.
And I believe he's inviting the same for you today.
No matter who you are, no matter what you have done, whoever believes, Jesus said, come and follow me.
Leave your old life behind and come and follow after me so that you can experience my love and my goodness and my power working in your life.
Just a moment, I'm gonna invite our worship team back out.
And we're gonna reflect on a song called The Perfect Love of Jesus.
And I was listening to this song on a plane for about an hour straight, and here's one of the lyrics.
Said, after all I've seen, it's clear to me that without the love of Jesus, I don't know where I would be.
And I sat listening to that song and I thought,
After all I've seen God do, after his love and his goodness and his power, I've seen it, I've tasted it.
After all I've seen, I can truly tell you, I don't know where I would be without the love of Jesus in my life.
And I believe God wants you to experience that love as well.
As we listen to this song, my hope and my prayer is that there would be a lyric or there would be a moment in the song where you would experience
you would encounter the love of Jesus in your own heart, in your own life.
As we listen to this song, I take a moment to reflect on, is there an area of your life where you need to trust Jesus?
Is there an area of your life where you've been wavering, not following, and he's saying, will you trust me?
Will you trust me even in this area of your life?
I'll come back up at the end to pray for us.
The Bible says that all of us have sinned and fallen short of God's glory.
There's not a person here who hasn't.
And the wages of our sin, the Bible says, is death at separation from God.
And that might seem harsh, but if you think about it, when we sin against someone, it creates separation.
If you sin against your spouse or your kids, it creates a separation.
So when we do things that God hasn't asked us not to do, it creates a separation.
But God isn't a human being.
He's infinite.
He's holy.
And so the distance between us is infinite.
There's nothing we can do on our own.
There's no amount of religious good works or deeds that we can do to bridge that gap on our own.
Here's the good news.
While we were still sinners, Christ died for us.
The invitation today is not clean up your life and get things all presentable to God and then come.
The invitation is to come.
Whoever you are, whatever you have done,
no matter what your background is to come and to follow Jesus.
The Bible says if you confess with your lips and you believe in your heart that Jesus Christ is Lord, you will be saved.
So I want to lead you in a prayer to confess with your lips and to believe in your heart.
And if you pray this prayer with me, just take a moment after church, text the word begin to the number you see.
Because we want to come alongside you, we want to help you, we want to help you get to know who God is and walk with him.
Let's pray together.
God, my hope and my prayer is that we would taste and we would see.
I just watch other people who are tasting and seeing that we would taste it for ourselves, we would see it for ourselves, we would experience and encounter your love in our life.
God, right now there are some people who you have brought here to hear this message because you love them dearly and you're inviting them to follow you.
And something is stirring in their heart right now, God.
They're saying, yes, I will follow.
They're just gonna pray this prayer with me in the quietness of their mind.
God, I confess my sins to you.
I believe that Jesus Christ died on the cross.
To pay the penalty, I could not pay for myself.
And I believe that three days later, He rose again, defeating sin and death once and for all.
And so right now, God, I ask that you would give me the gift of your grace.
and your forgiveness and eternal life through Jesus Christ.
God, for all of us, maybe we've been following you for years.
It might be something we need to leave behind.
You might be asking us today, leave that behind.
Trust me in this part of your life.
And God, I pray that you would give us the courage and the strength to leave it behind.
I pray all these things in Jesus' name.
Really excited about the rest of this series.
Bob Merritt, our former senior pastor is joining us next week.
If you need prayer at our campus, come on down front.
We would love to be praying for you as we leave.
We'll see you next weekend.